Mcp Server Module based on Java SDK (#11)
micronaut-projects/micronaut-mcp: src/main/docs/guide/server/primitives/tools/toolsAnnotations.adoc

> You can define tools by defining methods annotated with api:mcp.annotations.Tool[] in a `@Singleton` bean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferred way to declare a tool is using a method annotated with api:mcp.annotations.Tool[] in a `@Singleton` bean.
```

[source, java]
----
include::micronaut-mcp-server/src/test/java/io/micronaut/mcp/server/stateless/sync/tools/Tools.java[tags="fakepackage,imports,clazz",indent=0]
----

By default, the method name is used as the tool name.
You can override this by setting the `name` attribute of the `@Tool` annotation.

> You can use the api:mcp.annotations.ToolArg[] annotation to differentiate the tool argument name from the method parameter name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method parameter names will be automatically used as the tool argument names, unless you use the api:mcp.annotations.ToolArg[] annotation to differentiate the tool argument name from the method parameter name.
```
